Idr0079 scripting example (#11)
ome/omero-guide-figure: docs/omero_figure_scripting.rst

-  Install the OMERO.figure web app as described at https://pypi.org/project/omero-figure/
-  Upload the script :download:`Split_View_Figure.py <../scripts/Split_View_Figure.py>` to the OMERO scripting service

> -  For the `Shapes heatmap from OMERO.table` example, you'll need to draw ROIs on an Image and create an OMERO.table on the

Reviewer: A link to the subchapter could be added similarly to https://omero-guides.readthedocs.io/en/latest/upload/docs/metadata-ui.html#populatemetadatapdi (you will need an anchor just in front of the subchapter, see
![Screenshot 2021-06-01 at 14 43 50](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2478303/120333679-d7e0cd00-c2e7-11eb-90df-ab499a946ec3.png)

 in https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ome/omero-guide-upload/master/docs/metadata-ui.rst

>    Image with a ``Shape`` column with corresponding Shape IDs, as described at `omero-metadata <https://github.com/ome/omero-metadata#populate>`_

Reviewer: I do not see. any mention of ``Shape`` in https://github.com/ome/omero-metadata#populate - nor is there such in any open PR.  I think we should add it there. But even better would be an addition of an example CSV directly to this workflow. We have a precedent of this in https://omero-guides.readthedocs.io/en/latest/upload/docs/metadata.html, I mean the https://omero-guides.readthedocs.io/en/latest/_downloads/8227ce5769b3477eff58853580d44493/four-images.csv - for that, the CSV does not need to be the one used in idr0079 workflow, but a simple one.

Author: On that page the `four-images.csv` is linked but isn't mentioned at all. Do users need to edit it?
I'll add an example csv and also link to the training-scripts idr0079 prep doc for full set-up

Reviewer: syrry, my bad. The four-images.csv is used in https://omero-guides.readthedocs.io/en/latest/upload/docs/metadata-ui.html - the page I sent you to has the link to it for historical reasons only

-  Install the OMERO.figure web app as described at https://pypi.org/project/omero-figure/
-  Upload the script :download:`Split_View_Figure.py <../scripts/Split_View_Figure.py>` to the OMERO scripting service
-  For the :ref:`Shapes heatmap from OMERO.table<omeroTableData>` example, you'll need to draw ROIs on an Image and create an OMERO.table on the

>    Image with a ``Shape`` column with corresponding Shape IDs, as described below.

Reviewer: I would remove ``below`` - it just confused me, as there is a link in the first part of the sentence, but the ``below`` is not a link, so was scrolling through the doc to find "below". Simplest would be to say "inside the example", but better would be to add the same link you have there already to the word "below"

Author: I'd prefer not to add 2 links to the same place with different text as it looks like they're both different (and you might need to click both). So I'll say "in the example".

        "x": 200, "y", 200, "width": 100, "height": 100,
        ...many other attributes not shown...

#.  The ``figureModel`` variable is accessible in the `Console` of the browser `Developer Tools`. The easiest way to open
    the developer tools in most browsers is to open the context menu (right-click) anywhere on the page and choose `Inspect`.

#.  We can use ``figureModel.getSelected()`` to get selected panels and for each panel we can call ``p.set()`` to change an attribute.

#.  For example, to set the ``height`` of several panels to ``200``, we can select the panels in the figure UI and paste

>     this code snippet in the `Console`:

Reviewer: For the code snippet below, when the workflow was followed as written, I get just

```
Location: https://workshop.openmicroscopy.org/figure/load_web_figure/136949/?_=1622452009145
Line Number 1, Column 1: 136949:1:1
Empty string passed to getElementById().
```

Reviewer: This code snippet works in Chrome. But in my FF, I am getting the problem described in https://github.com/ome/omero-guide-figure/pull/11/files#r642426364 - I guess this functionality is Chrome only or some steps are missing in description.

#.  The labels should be added. Note that you can undo and redo these changes in the UI as normal.

.. |script_icon| image:: images/scripts_icon.png
   :width: 0.36621in
   :height: 0.27231in

Example 2: Shapes heatmap from OMERO.table
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This example uses an OMERO.table linked to each Image to generate
a heatmap of colors applied to Shapes on the figure panel.
Selected panels need to have Shapes added from OMERO (in the ROIs dialog).

> This means that each shape JSON will have an ``id`` that corresponds to a Shape in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, each shape JSON will have an ``id`` that corresponds to a Shape in
```

Maybe like this ? This is, I am assuming that the ids in JSON will be populated by virtue of adding the ROIs from OMERO ? If not, how does the JSON get the shapes ids ?

OMERO.

> The code at `figure_table_data_shapes.js <https://github.com/ome/omero-guide-figure/tree/master/scripts/figure_table_data_shapes.js>`_

Reviewer: This link waits for merging of the script PR ? (does not work atm)

Author: That like waits for merging of *this* PR. `figure_table_data_shapes.js` is added in this PR.

Selected panels need to have Shapes added from OMERO (in the ROIs dialog).
Thus, each shape JSON will have an ``id`` that corresponds to a Shape in
OMERO.

The code at `figure_table_data_shapes.js <https://github.com/ome/omero-guide-figure/tree/master/scripts/figure_table_data_shapes.js>`_
uses the ID of each shape of the panel to query the most recent OMERO.table on the Image using the
endpoint: ``/webgateway/table/Image/{imageId}/query/?query=Shape-{shapeId}``, which returns
all table rows for that Shape ID. From the JSON returned, we find the column index for the
data we want, e.g. ``Sphericity``, and then get the value for that column.
To see the available columns for the table, find the table under the Image's `Annotations` tab in the
webclient and click the `eye` icon to view the table.

Once the values for all Shapes on the panel are loaded, the code calculates the range and
generates a heatmap color for each value in that range. This is set as the color
on each Shape.

In the screenshot below, Shapes in the first panel are colored according to the ``Centroids_RAW_X``
column and Shapes on the lower panel are colored according to the ``Sphericity`` column.

> Images are from `idr0079`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images in this example are from `idr0079`.
```
